Overall, we found Win11 Attended Access / Single App Kiosk Mode w/ MS Edge to be more locked down than most of the proprietary third-party solutions that run on windows, of those we looked at. Although with enough testing, the trust boundaries begin to crumble, allowing us to map out several complete escape paths that all work as of Feb 1st 2026.  

We have organized this set of tests into a general flow, so you can start with Initial Escape tactics, then move to Next Steps options, and finally in the Post Exploitation section we talk about what you can do as a red teamer once you have compromised a kiosk (this is the ‘now what?’ section).  For this section, compatible sequences have been chained together, so you know what to try next, based upon what escapes worked for initial access, via links to other sections.  

It is important to note that we tested multiple configurations and setups, within the bucket of Win11 Kiosk Mode. Most notably, we worked with a mix of off-the-shelf Attended Access, and a very locked down build that was InTune managed with several custom policies to stop things from iterative lessons learned (thanks to Jordan, from our previous shenanigans).  These experiences have established the basis for the multiple pathways we provide here, because some of the easiest options that may work in one environment, could be blocked by custom policy in another.  In fact, that is the behavior we hope to drive with this project – implementing new custom polices, informed by the framework and testing, to reduce your probability of compromise.  

If testing other Windows Kiosk types, start here.  It is going to be much easier to start with some specific flows, vs the more exhaustive list of things that could be attempted in the generic Windows Kiosk / 3rd party section.  Then if none of the Win11 escapes work, move on to the broader list of general things you can try, in the 3rd party section.  

